# Security-Report

## Outline of the business
The business that will be viewed in this report will be the West Herts College. The College specializes in education by offering a range of career focused full-time courses, apprenticeships, Degrees and HNDs. The college has a high number of staff employed at its business to educate and maintain the business.
### Structure
The structure of the college is similar as any other place of education with the head of the college being the principal and governors at the head of the college. Later down the list is the teachers/other staff (I.E Security) and below them are the students at the college. This chain of command keeps a sense of authority and keeps things in order around the college.
### Hardware/Software used
The college used many different types of hardware and software to maintain and educate students. One example of hardware that the college uses is the security barriers at the entrance of the college this is a type of security hardware that is used to prevent unauthorised access to the college campus. The college uses a lot of software to maintain and help students. One example of these software used would be anti-virus/firewall to protect student and staff computers and users from dangerous viruses and other dangers that lurk on the internet.
## Risks
There are a lot of risks that can happen in the college where Reboot games is located. Risks are anything that can cause the possibility of damage to reboot games to their productivity or cause serious damage. One type of risk would be the risk of theft. Theft would include stolen equipment that would prevent Reboot games from continuing work. Another risk to Reboot games would be corrupted data. Corrupted data can cause problems in Reboot games because it can result in work being delayed or lost. These risks and be put into three categories. These categories are Physical, Data and Social Engineering.
### Physical
One type of risk in the college is the risk of physical damage which be theft or damage to equipment in the building such as computers or any other hardware on site. This type of risk can prevent employees at Reboot games from resuming work and will delay any projects that are in development.
### Data
The risks that can come from data can also be an impact on Reboot games as well because if data was to become corrupted or lost I would delay Reboot games a lot. The data can become corrupted when it is interrupted while saving or editing the file as well as other methods such as being intercepted during transit to another client.
### Social Engineering
Social Engineering is another risk that can occur at Reboot games. Social Engineering is a risk that can happen due to an employee selling private data to a rival company for self-gain or if an employee was manipulated into giving up information or allowing access to private part of a system in Reboot games.
## Security Procedures
There are many different security procedures that take place at Reboot games and at the college campus. One of these procedures is the security gates at the entrance of the building. The security gates require a ID to be used to open to allow entry to the building. Another security procedure would be the RFID lock on the door to the room. This RFID lock needs the same ID to make sure that the right people are allowed into the room that have the right Clarence to be in that room. Another procedure is uploading work. When the work is uploaded it goes through a set of rules such as the file size must be below a certain size when uploading work.
### Incorrect security procedures
If these security procedures if followed as planned can create a good security procedure at Reboot games to protect its equipment from damage or theft, however if some security procedures such as a firewall was to be configured incorrectly it can cause a potential security risk by leaving an opportunity for dangerous software from being transmitted to an employee’s computer and spreading throughout reboot games' network. Another incorrect security procedure that when done incorrectly can cause risks is VPN's.a VPN is a visual private network is a private network that allows users to share information across multiple public networks. If this VPN is set up properly it can cause problems because if an unwanted user was to access the VPN they can use it to access multiple public networks from that VPN. From there the unwanted user.
## Data protection
Data protection is the rule that user’s data online in the company Reboot games must be protected and cannot be used/gathered without the user’s knowledge. The data protection act (1998) prevents the misuse of customer data and information and prevents business and organizations from using their data without their permission. An update was made to the data protection act that took place in 2017 which allows any user from backing out of a data agreement any time they want and their private information is to be deleted with their departure from the agreement. The company would have to agree with these terms. If they don't agree with the terms or break the terms they can face cost of £500,000 for serious breaches of the Data Protection Act. When referring to reboot games, data protection will involve keeping employee data within the business Reboot games. When collecting information for research in projects in Reboot games the data that is collected must be kept within the company and not used for anything other then what was specified when collecting the information.
## Disaster Recovery Plan
A disaster recovery plan is backup plan in case of an emergency in which reboot games might not recover from by normal means. This disaster recovery plan would involve a plan to recover from big disasters such as a natural disaster i.e. fire and manmade disasters such as power cuts. These plans can involve funds to build Reboot games back from the disaster as well as spare equipment. The plan for a power cut would be to use wireless/handled equipment that doesn't need a constant power supply to function. Another version
## DMZ
A DMZ (demilitarized zone) is a physical or logical subnetwork that contains and exposes an organization's external services to a larger untrusted network such as the internet. The purpose of the DMZ is to add another layer of security to a local network (LAN) this would prevent some hackers from gaining access to the LAN network and instead only gain access to the equipment in the DMZ.
## static IP
A static IP is an IP address which does not change this can also be referred to as a permanent number assigned to a computer by an internet service provider (ISP) a security benefit that static IP can provide to increase security would be that the IP address never changes so when the computer resets it does not have to send a renewal. This allows it to have a seamless connection.
## NAT
NAT stands of Network address translation and it is a method of remapping one IP address space into another by modifying network address information in IP header of packets while they are in transit across a traffic routing device. One security benefit of a NAT is that you get an extra layer of network security. Hosts inside a NAT network are not reachable by hosts on other networks unless you want to.
